Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(narrator)
This briefing is from File
A56-7W.
Classified.: top secret.
Subject is Airwolf, a
Mach 1-plus attack helicopter
with the most advanced weapons
system in the air today.
It has been hidden somewhere
in the western United States
by its test pilot,
Stringfellow Hawke.
Hawke has promised
to return Airwolf only
if we can find his brother
St. John, an MIA in Vietnam.
We suspect that Archangel,
deputy director of the agency
that built Airwolf,
is secretly helping Hawke
in return for Hawke's
flying Airwolf on missions
of national concern.
Stringfellow Hawke is 34,
a brilliant combat pilot
and a recluse since his
brother's disappearance.
His only friend is
Dominic Santini,
whose air service is the cover
for their government work.
With Hawke and Santini
flying as a team
at speeds
rivaling the fastest jets
backed by unmatched firepower,
Airwolf is too dangerous to be
left in unenlightened hands.
Finding it
is your first priority.
[man speaking Spanish
on radio]
[speaking in Spanish]
[seagulls crying]
[helicopter whirring]
[speaking in Spanish]
Uh-uh! It's show
and tell time, buddy.
You go first.
[speaking in Spanish]
[men chattering]
Welcome to Cuba.
Yeah.
To tell you the truth, l'll be
happy when l leave here.
[speaking in Spanish]
Can l talk to them?
ln a minute.
Can you untie their hands
and then--then take those guns
out of their faces?
ls it all here?
Yeah, it's all there.
All $2 million of it.
Go ahead and count it
if you want.
l intend to.
Those men could be
in better shape.
They are no longer young.
Besides, we don't
baby our criminals here.
Senor Santini,
perhaps you don't...
[guns firing]
[speaking in Spanish]
Did you think you could
get away with this?
What do you mean?
l had nothing to do
with that chopper.
l delivered my end.
Delivered what?
Bullet holes in the sand?
You delivered nothing.
Look, l came
to take those prisoners,
and l'm gonna
take them back with me.
l have executed men for less
than what you have just done.
Those prisoners
cost you $2 million before.
Now they cost $3 million.
Take that message back
to United States.
And what if l tell you
to go to hell?
Then you will die. Here, now.
And l will find another way
to deliver my message.
Do you want to die
for nothing?
Of course not.
Get out of my country.
Come on up, sweetheart.
(Hawke)
Well, just what do you mean,
Santini is down?
One of our listening posts
in southern Florida
picked up a distress call
yesterday at 1900 hours.
He heard the words
''Santini Air''
and called it in.
To the Coast Guard?
No, to me.
Does that mean no search
pattern has been started?
He was, uh, over land
when he radioed in.
We have a rough position.
You know, anything can go
wrong in a forced landing.
Why the hell haven't you
called out the troops?
Because his course
triangulates back to Cuba.
He filed no flight plan
and reported his altitude
as 100 feet.
lf the authorities
get to him first,
the first thing they'll do to
him is hand him his Miranda.
''You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can
and will be held against you.''
What the hell
is Santini doing in Cuba?
Why don't you ask him?
l will.
He's a man who knows
the location of Airwolf,
and when he starts
junketing off
to the land of rum
and fine cigars,
l get a little concerned
about him.
l'm goin' after him.
l'll tell him how you care.
Do that.
There is another
serious factor
which might shorten your time.
Who created this
serious factor?
Only God
can create a hurricane.
[thunder clapping]
[electronic buzzing]
Get it said, Michael.
I'm a busy man.
What's your position, Hawke?
Where are you sitting it out?
(Hawke)
At 500 feet.
Are you out of your mind?
(Hawke)
Well, Airwolf's holding
up fine, but I think
there's better designs
for chasing hurricanes.
(Michael)
Set down immediately.
That's an order, do you hear?
(Hawke)
You gotta be kiddin'.
All right, it's not an order,
it's a request.
Make it a plea for sanity.
(Hawke)
No to all three.
(Michael)
Hawke, the storm will be over
in a couple of hours.
Don't let that angel title
go to your head.
(Hawke)
Only God can make the weather.
[sighing]
[whooshing]
[dog barking]
(Dominic)
Larry, let me have another.
Hey, String,
how'd you find me?
Dom, you all right?
You're not hurt?
Oh, l'm fine. l'm fine.
l was just too down
to want to see anybody,
but you're the exception.
Sit down. Sit down. Hey,
give him a drink, will you?
Aren't you gonna drink those?
Well, no. You know l don't
like the taste of booze.
[chuckling]
Well, then
why'd you order them?
'Cause in the movies
when the, uh--
When the world crashes in,
the hero goes down to
the bar and orders drinks.
l respect tradition.
Does it work?
Not yet.
Give him another drink.
Have another drink?
Oh, sure, l don't
like the stuff, either.
How was the weather in Cuba?
But how-- How did you know?
Oh! Archangel.
Yeah, one of his listening
posts picked up your mayday.
String, in the last 24 hours,
l've been shot at,
ripped off, forced down,
and stuck in
the middle of a hurricane.
Uh, let me have another drink,
will you? Him, too.
See, back in 1960,
l was a member of a unit
that was sent down
to Central America
to train Cuban nationals
for the invasion.
Oh, yeah, that set up
for the Bay of Pigs.
You told me about that once.
Yeah.
String, those Cuban people
were the greatest.
l mean, they weren't
mercenaries or killers.
These were the best teachers,
doctors, lawyers,
even priests.
They were patriots.
A bunch of anti-Castro
patriots got together,
raised enough money
to buy a couple of old-timers
from a corrupt colonel.
You know that some of them
have been down there
for over 20 years?
String, l knew those men,
and l almost had them out.
Almost is not good enough,
Mr. Santini.
You must tell me
where the money is.
l told you.
We were ripped off.
Don't you understand?
We were robbed.
So that Col. Fernandez
wouldn't turn the men loose.
l don't believe it.
You stole it.
$2 million can take someone
a long way.
Then why did l come back
at all?
This money is the very soul
of this community.
Widows and children
sent nickels and dimes
to free those people.
This house has more mortgages
then roof tiles.
Dominic didn't
steal your money.
One lies for the other.
l suggest we lower our voices.
Uh, volume is not going
to bring any truth into this.
[sighing]
Dom,
why don't you take a walk?
Let me try and talk
to these people.
Yeah, l'd better
before l knock somebody
on her $2 million fanny.
ln the old days, we didn't
argue amongst ourselves.
Come on.
Why'd you choose Dom
in the first place?
These are the men
he was after.
Father Gomez,
who spoke against Castro
on the steps of the cathedral
in Havana.
Ramon Collarzo,
publisher, writer,
and my father.
Dominic trained these men.
When he called them friends,
he meant it.
We chose Mr. Santini because
he could recognize them,
regardless
of their physical condition.
lf Mr. Santini
stole the money,
he has condemned my son
to die in Cuba.
Look, that collection
was no secret.
The money was headed for Cuba.
All a thief would have to know
is when and where.
lmpossible.
Our people would never do it.
Your people are so pure
there's none you worry about?
Not even the Marielitos?
They are not our people.
They're Cubans.
You have no idea
what you're talking about.
The Marielitos are too busy
fighting among themselves
to plan or organize.
Sanchez is organized.
What are you saying,
Grandfather?
Something l should have
told you, but didn't.
Come here.
You must know the truth.
We needed $2 million
to save these people.
And we raised it.
We raised $1 million.
$1 million l borrowed
from Sanchez.
What?
How could you do this?
Do you know what
you've made us?
My granddaughter
burns with a bright flame.
There's a generation of Cubans
who have never known Cuba,
Mr. Hawke.
For them,
it is the old country.
But now, with our heroes back
from Castro's jails,
our cause could grow
young again, and flourish.
We could easily raise
and pay back $1 million.
This was my plan.
You know,
politics is a hard game.
A game for old men...
not bright flames.
He has no idea what he's done.
l think he does.
l have a great deal of respect
for the man.
But to deal with Sanchez,
a ruthless killer,
drug smuggler,
God knows what else.
There isn't a man
that works for him
that doesn't have marks.
Marks?
Tattoos. lnside the lip,
near the thumb.
lt's a code
from the Cuban prisons.
Three dots is a robber,
four is a killer.
And what is one dot?
A political prisoner.
l put it there in sympathy.
lt's what my father wears.
[sighing]
Where would one
find this Sanchez?
He has a camp on an island
in the Keys.
He has his own private army,
arms, and training.
Things that we would love
to have, but can't afford.
Helicopters?
Yes, probably.
But why would Sanchez
rob Mr. Santini?
Half the money was his.
Half wasn't.
You'll do anything to save
your friend, won't you?
l'm still not sure
Santini didn't make up
this whole story.
lf you knew him like l do,
you'd believe him.
lt gets harder and harder
to believe in anything,
except someday,
my father will be set free.
You just have to keep trying.
The only thing l can offer is
that l understand.
l really do.
[sighing]
Stella told me the approximate
location of the camp,
but l still think some pointed
questions are in order.
You would go there unarmed?
Well, not exactly.
And not alone, either.
l need Mr. Santini.
No.
Stella, please.
Mr. Santini
has been involved in my life
for almost as long as you.
l'm not convinced
he's a thief.
(Hawke)
Do you see anything yet?
Oh, yeah. Mansions,
swimming pools, Jacuzzis.
No unpopulated islands yet.
(Hawke)
I'm gonna cover
the east quadrant.
Then I'll swing around
for a north-south scan.
I'll sure miss the view
of expensive real estate.
There's one ahead of us.
You see anything yet?
Sand and coral.
No, hold it, String.
[electronic whooshing]
(Dominic)
We have a couple of blips.
(Hawke)
You sure
it's not a heated pool?
I'm sure because the lifeguard
is carrying a .50 caliber
on his dune buggy.
Let's go take a look.
[speaking in Spanish]
l am showing you the newest
of hand-launched,
heat-seeking missiles,
and you want to know
can it blow a bank vault?
Estupido.
[speaking in Spanish]
[helicopter whirring]
[men speaking in Spanish]
[Hawke speaking Spanish]
[men chattering]
That's U.S. equipment
they're playing with.
Is that supposed to
make me feel better?
[missiles firing]
[shouting in Spanish]
[men shouting]
[speaking in Spanish]
Didn't l say l came to talk?
What do you want?
lvan Rivera and l
would like some answers.
From the looks
of your equipment,
l can see
where $2 million would go.
That's not how
l paid for these weapons.
lt is,
till you prove different.
Can l call that jeep here?
Yeah, just tell him
to keep it in low gear.
[speaking in Spanish]
lf you don't know
how to use one,
l'll be glad to show you.
[sighing]
[beeping]
Archangel.
Hawke?
What are you doing
on this channel?
We spend months
establishing Camp Freedom,
and you and Airwolf
waste it in 10 minutes.
[Hawke chuckling]
Camp Freedom.
You really are amazing,
Michael.
You give a bunch of criminals
sophisticated weaponry
and you call it Camp Freedom?
Hawke, you've got to
tune into the bigger picture.
These men were being trained
to combat communist insurgents
in Central American
trouble spots.
Well, l guess l'm just not
sophisticated enough
to judge the morality
of using a bunch of pirates
to fight Uncle Sam's battles.
l'm sure the newspapers
will give you a better shake.
You're not serious?
And the White House
doesn't know anything
about this, l'll bet.
They shouldn't hold a grudge
against the Firm
for more than
a couple of budget years.
You're talking about
blackmail.
Not until l ask for something.
What are you asking for?
$3 million, cash.
[scoffing]
You're insane.
Anybody got the number
of The Washington Post?
[sighing]
Okay, you got it.
lt is still blackmail.
But Marella, you're just not
seeing the bigger picture.
[laughing]
Red Star?
Red Star, this is Venus.
Come in.
Red Star?
This is Venus.
Come in, please.
Red Star, this is Venus.
Come in.
They're not answering.
Try it again.
Red Star, this is Venus.
Come in.
(Fernandez)
This is Red Star. Go ahead.
Arrangements have been
completed on this end.
We are waiting
for your instructions.
We will be expecting shipment
at 1 200 hours.
Message confirmed.
This is your last chance.
Confirmed. Out.
[sighing]
[laughing]
What's that for?
For making it possible
to bring my father home.
He's not home, yet.
l'll get Dom
and we'll make the transfer.
You won't be
making the delivery.
That's a joke, right?
lt is no joke.
We want to make sure that
nothing goes wrong this time.
Meaning Dominic?
You can't do that.
You have no right
to take the moment from him.
We have every right.
We want this to be
an all-Cuban operation.
This has nothing to do
with you.
Yes, it does.
We can't take the chance.
What are you gonna trade
for your father, an lOU?
You'd withhold the money?
No, l simply trade for trust.
My apologies, Mr. Hawke,
but the committee's decision
is final.
We hired a pilot.
Now, if you will just
deliver the money.
l don't think so.
You are forcing our hand.
To do what? Shoot me?
lf that's the case,
you'd better add three dots
to your lower lip
and go to work for Sanchez.
lf l've got to
gamble on people,
l'd just as soon it was you.
You're not killing anybody.
You win, Mr. Hawke.
No, you win, Mr. Rivera.
Would you at least
take one of us along
to satisfy our people?
[exhaling]
[men chattering]
[choking]
[exclaiming]
Best bottle of wine
in the house.
You'd think with $3 million
on the seat between us,
a vintage Bordeaux
would be more appropriate.
With $3 million
on the seat between us,
not advertising it
would be appropriate.
Well, they don't look
too dangerous to me.
Only to some species
of marine life.
l suppose it would be
pointless of me to ask
to what end this exorbitant
outlay of cash is intended.
That's right. Pointless.
l figured.
All set, String.
Ah! All we need now
is the money.
Here, let me help you.
This is one kind of baggage
l enjoy handling.
Stringfellow,
who are these people?
Why are they being
so generous?
Good question.
They, uh, represent a firm
that makes covers
to keep things under wraps.
You're enjoying this,
aren't you?
Uh, we'll be back
in about three hours.
l think you'll enjoy
what your money brings back.
[chuckling]
You ready? Come on.
Listen, you take it easy.
Hey.
No kick the tires,
lighting fires stuff.
Milk run.
Okay.
He's on his way back across
the straits to Cuba, isn't he?
You know, l think the next
bottle of wine we buy
better be a cheap one.
l'm broke.
[sighing]
(Dominic)
We're on our way back.
You still think I'm a thief?
We've got about
100 miles to go,
and l'm watching the compass
all the way.
How much longer?
Michael, they just took off.
Give them a little time.
lt's been 30 minutes.
You could've been to Havana
and back in Airwolf.
Santini's not flying Airwolf,
is he?
Of course not, Michael.
Thanks.
Listen, will you excuse
me just a moment?
[dog barking]
[car engine starting]
[tires screeching]
Should we try and find him?
No.
lf he wants to play this
without our help,
we'll just let him.
[exhaling]
Why don't you say something?
What's the matter with you?
There is nothing
the matter with them.
They are loyal to me,
and l do the talking.
l hope we'll be able to talk
as one military man
to another.
We do work for the same firm,
after all.
l work for myself.
And you built that combat
helicopter all by yourself
out of, uh, old tractor parts?
l would like such a tractor
myself.
Sorry, l'm fresh out.
Then will you lend me
the one you drive?
Just for a few years?
Long enough for you to
overthrow the small country
of your choice, huh?
We think alike.
No chance.
Your friend
and, uh, the Rivera girl
will soon be entering
Cuban air space.
l could let my colleague
in Cuba
go through
with his original plan,
and you will never
see them again.
Or, they can come home
with the prisoners.
What hold have you got
over that Cuban colonel?
He needs me.
What he is doing
is against Cuban law.
He needs my support,
my helicopters.
[scoffing]
And to think at one time
he was my jailer.
Now we both work
on the same side,
as you and l will.
l'm afraid not.
Then your friend will spend
20 years in a Cuban prison,
and l assure you,
it will be hell on earth.
(Dominic)
We'll be in Cuba
in 10 minutes.
l hope you're convinced now
that l didn't steal
your $2 million.
l guess so.
Did you really know my father?
l did, and a braver man
l never knew.
l have met some daughters
just as brave, though.
[man on radio
speaking Spanish]
[speaking in Spanish]
Now open the hatch
if you please, Mr. Hawke.
We are waiting, Mr. Hawke.
The cabin's pressurized.
You have to back up a little.
[men shouting in Spanish]
Yeah, yeah, okay, Colonel,
we've been through this
before.
Now show us the men.
[speaking in Spanish]
So good to see you again,
senor Santini.
Likewise, l'm sure.
There. Go ahead, count it.
l see you have brought
a beautiful senorita with you
this time.
l'm sorry
l cannot do the same.
All l have are...
[speaking in Spanish]
You're a slimy,
lying piece of garbage!
[laughing]
[exclaiming]
[men shouting]
[shouting in Spanish]
Let's go home.
[speaking in Spanish]
Ataque.
(Hawke)
Come on,
move that donkey cart.
Going to be a long 90 miles.
You just cool your tail rotor
there, hotshot.
Besides,
without me and that ship
to keep you out of trouble,
it's you I'm worried about.
(Dominic)
I take it back, String.
It's me I'm worried about.
[speaking in Spanish]
(Hawke)
He popped a Sidewinder.
Radar guidance or infrared?
I don't know.
I can't see it from here.
[explosion]
[speaking in Spanish]
(Dominic)
String, get this thing
off my tail, will you?
(Hawke)
Hang on, Dom.
I'll be your decoy.
[laughing]
Not bad, String.
You wrote your own
flight manual, there.
[laughing]
Ladies and gentlemen,
the captain has put on
the ''no smoking'' sign.
Please fasten your seat belts
as we prepare for our landing
in los Estados Unidos,
in Norteamerica.
[laughing]
[speaking in Spanish]
No, not at all, Mr. Rivera.
We at the Firm have always
considered your organization
to be a vital link
in our Latin American effort.
Then why did you arm Sanchez
and not us?
[stuttering]
Of course,
now that our heroes are home,
things have changed.
Absolutely, and we would
like to work with you
a lot more closely.
Perhaps.
Let us examine your proposal.
[laughing]
Say, String,
did l ever thank you
for bucking that hurricane
to find me?
Nope.
Did l ever thank you
for bailing me out
with the Riveras,
not to mention the MiG?
No.
Well, hell, then l owe you
about three more drinks.
Larry, three more rounds.
Attaboy.
Well, these beers are going to
end up costing us $30 each.
Easy come, easy go.
[laughing]
[inaudible]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org